I think most organizations are facing. I think a lot of people look at that challenge as insurmountable. But reality is. We, or rather, how we advise. How we approach this, or how we do this, is. What do you have first? Proxies, right? There's data out there that you use to proxy. Of how you're building the relationship between different departments. About interoperability, because in enterprise quite complex. Let me give you an example. Most of the time, we we scale in one market, right? Let's say we scale in marketing intelligence in one in one market. The next thing you say, look, I want to look at commercial intelligence. Marketing and promotion efforts are totally not connected. In the, they can't indulge. The other challenge. Challenge of taking a lot longer to solve, right? Because somebody needs to define what the relationship is. Interoperable that data is whether you gonna have a data layer or not, right? So I think that's basically the challenge of interoperability of data. So I think as we kind of talk about. Partly, like I think, these are two dimensions of data that we always use. The last one that I just kind of like, which I think my my fellow peers analysts. To do is capability. Build the best AI platform, best AI tool, by whatever. A lot of companies. The process of training, the process of capability, right? I mean, depending on the size, you know. Of the company, of the team, any large. Multi market, multi design, multi option. Transition. Build up responsibility at least three, three months. Right from day one, we've been suspected. Right, take it easy. Right, don't you know? I mean, don't skip this portion. One of the things that actually work really well. The keep of the deepest. Never gonna roll up your AI product, your AI platform, your AI tool, all at once. We will never compromise. Progress, but don't hold up the entire package. We find modules and expect people to master it in one month. Not possible. Taking over repetition, dominance. I think Tika keep the team through the challenges. I'm always kind of looking. That's very helpful. So, you know, I like to bounce with that. Personal experience. That the conditions. Oh. Design, lighting. Our health. That time. I'm not afraid. Example of maybe how you have. That's up to you. And that this is not necessarily just about the big things. I'm not sure. Any thoughts on how we can fix this data? Because data, you know, the data is, you know, something that we That's. We're going to be good. I think we all know data cleansing is needed, but the quality of data is important, so I didn't really touch on that. Can given to the body to do the basic. But for today, the AI can do these with the right boost that they can do these tasks using AI rather than all the human. I'm not sure. But I think what is important is. A lot of data may be in the minds of experts. It's not going to matter, and those are the valuable data that a lot of people miss out. Right, and actually over here, when we do a lot of appointments with the Always do what we call the knowledge center. Other than the documented information. The information that we work on, we actually try to get the expert brains. That's the brains, right? And put into the knowledge. And of course, in our enterprise AI platform, we actually do brand and the knowledge. That's something very important that you can actually use that to really get the valuable data of people's brain and start creating. Is it automation? Is it Is wanting to learn about that. Is of course, well, when we talk about. For the data, the data may be.