The medicines. You'll be surprised that some of the key lit of faith that you are holding on with the latest of technologies might generate a game changer for humans. Just before you know you comment. You need to just be careful with wishes. It's very yeah. What is the institutional role? How do you prioritize those deeper faces to the point that you are meeting? Because they ensure multiple AI. China, China, AI solutions, AI innovation, just solutions that you can do to the mutual, the mutual, the mutual, the mutual, the mutual. And in order to that this is very very very very very on the hour, so how do you kind of prioritize the ones that you are focusing on? So for all the kind of projects, we usually look at whether it's easy for our customer, whether it's easy for the boarders, because these are some of the core beliefs that we live and. As the enterprise group, so when we are looking at some of these objectives, some of these key pillars, we then look at what is the value to our customers or our. Value to our staff. Can we help our frontline clinics to perform better? So certain things that we may not be are related to the investment, but it can help our frontline. To serve better, to attend more customers because of the AI can help them to schedule their tasks when they or maybe having. The vision AI to monitor the stocks. But for example, previously my staff has to look at all the shelves to make sure that every pen distribution is well stocked. All with these. This TV, which we are engaging, helps to monitor for them. We send them a alert when it fall below the value, and this time that we freed up from constantly looking around and monitoring the stores. For us to actually see our customer better, so with all these things, I think that is also key to establish that matrix for us to then determine which are the top priorities project that. What to go for? What kind of projects they want to look, and how does this relate back to our talents? So, if I summarize, basically, we shall find out is that basically. You take your customer and say, basically, if your if that intervention is going to really help, step back the customer out into my experience. So that's why we have the white suite. James, you want to do? Yeah, maybe a bit controversial, but I think a lot of people think of AI implementation is still as a teacher. Yeah, that's the problem. That other thing it is because if you think about AI, so one of the top you ask online, cause one of the top AI use cases. Is actually customer service information, and and all the reports I just see. Capital already says sixteen percent ROI in terms of uh OPEX saving. You have a better Four S Seven Jetta A I Booster Plan, so it's R O I for them. But because we view it as an I T cost, but then if you look at it, deploying a customer service automation will be as cheap as car. Thousand per year, which is one thousand per month. Yeah, people think it's very expensive from an income source perspective, but if you look at it, if they can be autonomous, autonomous. It serves like a real customer service agent. One thousand per month is not expensive from a human cost, human resource cost perspective. Plus, for When we talk, I mean, last year there was so many customer service automation related, right? And then people start thinking, I mean, costs are so expensive. I don't need to spend jobs on customer service moment. Because when they view it, oh, actually it's one thousand per month hiring like an agent, serve like a twenty four seven customer service. Then that is expensive. So I think. The perception of what is this AI cause needs to be current. It cannot be just AI cause. Ah, so that's one thing to to think about, and something even more controversial. Uh, one of the call center we talk to, is say, oh, but AI is another tool to help the customers for this project, right? And who is responsible for the problems when we are? We don't put any just to make money on the auction. Cause they are no different from hiring a new customer service agent from outside who just joins the company, no knowledge of our process. Data everything they need to learn as well. We put a AI agent who can learn probably faster. Part of the option we put to some human. Near agent, then the cost makes sense—not just the homeland. So there's a very different perspective that people need to start changing. AI agent or AI implementation is not just an IT cost. It can be your human resource as well. Well, I, I, I'm gonna. Kind of combine what water drinks into a a bit of combination. Because I think a lot of times when we speak about something, and so to me, our my. Is combining to this. If you can't define the ROI of it. AI, right? AI is actually helping solve a business problem. That means that function that you track the source. Did they have an ROI that pleasing to customers? Let me give you a very simple example. A lot of the a lot of the stuff we see up there is wrong. Business intelligence, business analytics, all of that, right? Running sentiment analysis, surveys, all that. Every time we see a use case like that, right? CFO's first question. What's the other one? This idea, like like technology of. Then the CFO ever asked how much? What was the ROI of the survey? No, that definition was never built, right? So a lot of times when the ROI is missing, right, it's because that definition was never built for the business function it deals with.