About air pollutants or children's respiratory. Just to ask the truth, so the original sign, and. The companies are really. To test and understand what it can do with AI, you know, sometimes it actually succeeds. At the same time, difficult challenges. Existing for those bridges, as you get to scale. Before we get into the details of these charges, I'm saying. It's quite important to be aligned on what we mean by scale. Can I ask, maybe one of you, give me your original present. You need to define in your books what scaling means. Are in their work. Right. We are talking about AI. Sometimes, if you do not know or you do not embrace AI, you will have a lot of fear. When we talk about scaling. So, if you look at it from that perspective, and when people start to talk about skill, then that becomes a multi-first multi-market, when there's one dimension, and then you start to talk about So I look at scale a lot of times. It's a vertical and a horizontal dimension. Right, like one of the horizontal dimensions of multiple functions. Okay, so now the question on what AI stands for on this. The key challenges that you know. Yoga is for this. Move from. He has used his influence. From my perspective, when we are launching, especially. Multiple projects like the. And we are we are mostly spot trackers, and then. Is that you see? We are on the platform to react to having. That's convenient. Not dangerous. Oh, Jesus! The important thing is that sometimes still doesn't correspond to. Yeah. Needs to validate. We have seen so far in Thailand because Thailand is like all rooms here are very nice. And everybody is like, what went wrong? So the teacher is how we identify two and understand and understand the conditions. Present in China because China can be very small scale, you know, very controlled manner. But when it comes to stealing, it starts to become more global. It starts to have many more requirements that we may not have seen here. A lot more barrels that we. So these are all the challenges that we see from the start. The important thing is that when it comes to training. Because you're feeling that routine management become some things that you need to manage very very carefully, because it involves changing behavior. The other study. So many I have done, right? So I think, as I mentioned, we help companies scale, and we are actually present in multiple. Which is. Of things that I definitely agree with, because it changed my mind. There's one or two things that many people forget. Right when we talk to companies, or when they want to. And the AI projects, they always talk about the models, the algorithms, how good the technologies is. The adoption and scaling from pilot to production is really about getting adoption, getting people willing to do it, right. So that's part of it as well. More important is before cash management is what I call the ops pad. Right. So the technology into the operation. So you need to integrate the entire technology in this case in AI. Into the workflow, right? The different processes that people are doing, right? Without that, you can't really scale from pilot to production. You cannot increase the adoption of wanting to use it as. Ox tech is another very important thing, and of course, I'm sure they draw ten photos a lot. Data, but we all know garbage in, garbage out. So many companies don't have the necessary good quality. Makes it happen, and last but not least, which probably is going to talk about governance, which we talked a lot about governance and security as well, because a lot of people are worried about how secure agents. So these are the key things that we. I think the common thing that when we deploy AI projects as scaling from pilot production, that we always.